#!/usr/bin/env bash

RANDOMSTRING__WORDS=(
abacus          clone           encircle        idealism        palpitate       sacred          tall
abdomen         cloning         enclose         idealist        paltry          sacrifice       talon
abdominal       closable        enclosure       idealize        pampered        sadden          tamale
abide           closure         encode          ideally         pamperer        saddlebag       tameness
abiding         clothes         encore          idealness       pampers         saddled         tamer
ability         clothing        encounter       identical       pamphlet        saddling        tamper
ablaze          cloud           encourage       identify        panama          sadly           tank
able            clover          encroach        identity        pancake         sadness         tanned
abnormal        clubbed         encrust         ideology        pancreas        safari          tannery
abrasion        clubbing        encrypt         idiocy          panda           safeguard       tanning
abrasive        clubhouse       endanger        idiom           pandemic        safehouse       tantrum
abreast         clump           endeared        idly            pang            safely          tapeless
abridge         clumsily        endearing       igloo           panhandle       safeness        tapered
abroad          clumsy          ended           ignition        panic           saffron         tapering
abruptly        clunky          ending          ignore          panning         saga            tapestry
absence         clustered       endless         iguana          panorama        sage            tapioca
absentee        clutch          endnote         illicitly       panoramic       sagging         tapping
absently        clutter         endocrine       illusion        panther         saggy           taps
absinthe        coach           endorphin       illusive        pantomime       said            tarantula
absolute        coagulant       endorse         image           pantry          saint           target
absolve         coastal         endowment       imaginary       pants           sake            tarmac
abstain         coaster         endpoint        imagines        pantyhose       salad           tarnish
abstract        coasting        endurable       imaging         paparazzi       salami          tarot
absurd          coastland       endurance       imbecile        papaya          salaried        tartar
accent          coastline       enduring        imitate         paper           salary          tartly
acclaim         coat            energetic       imitation       paprika         saline          tartness
acclimate       coauthor        energize        immature        papyrus         salon           task
accompany       cobalt          energy          immerse         parabola        saloon          tassel
account         cobbler         enforced        immersion       parachute       salsa           taste
accuracy        cobweb          enforcer        imminent        parade          salt            tastiness
accurate        cocoa           engaged         immobile        paradox         salutary        tasting
accustom        coconut         engaging        immodest        paragraph       salute          tasty
acetone         cod             engine          immorally       parakeet        salvage         tattered
achiness        coeditor        engorge         immortal        paralegal       salvaging       tattle
aching          coerce          engraved        immovable       paralyses       salvation       tattling
acid            coexist         engraver        immovably       paralysis       same            tattoo
acorn           coffee          engraving       immunity        paralyze        sample          taunt
acquaint        cofounder       engross         immunize        paramedic       sampling        tavern
acquire         cognition       engulf          impaired        parameter       sanction        thank
acre            cognitive       enhance         impale          paramount       sanctity        that
acrobat         cogwheel        enigmatic       impart          parasail        sanctuary       thaw
acronym         coherence       enjoyable       impatient       parasite        sandal          theater
acting          coherent        enjoyably       impeach         parasitic       sandbag         theatrics
action          cohesive        enjoyer         impeding        parcel          sandbank        thee
activate        coil            enjoying        impending       parched         sandbar         theft
activator       coke            enjoyment       imperfect       parchment       sandblast       theme
active          cola            enlarged        imperial        pardon          sandbox         theology
activism        cold            enlarging       impish          parish          sanded          theorize
activist        coleslaw        enlighten       implant         parka           sandfish        thermal
activity        coliseum        enlisted        implement       parking         sanding         thermos
actress         collage         enquirer        implicate       parkway         sandlot         thesaurus
acts            collapse        enrage          implicit        parlor          sandpaper       these
acutely         collar          enrich          implode         parmesan        sandpit         thesis
acuteness       collected       enroll          implosion       parole          sandstone       thespian
aeration        collector       enslave         implosive       parrot          sandstorm       thicken
aerobics        collide         ensnare         imply           parsley         sandworm        thicket
aerosol         collie          ensure          impolite        parsnip         sandy           thickness
aerospace       collision       entail          important       partake         sanitary        thieving
afar            colonial        entangled       importer        parted          sanitizer       thievish
affair          colonist        entering        impose          parting         sank            thigh
affected        colonize        entertain       imposing        partition       santa           thimble
affecting       colony          enticing        impotence       partly          sapling         thing
affection       colossal        entire          impotency       partner         sappiness       think
affidavit       colt            entitle         impotent        partridge       sappy           thinly
affiliate       coma            entity          impound         party           sarcasm         thinner
affirm          come            entomb          imprecise       passable        sarcastic       thinness
affix           comfort         entourage       imprint         passably        sardine         thinning
afflicted       comfy           entrap          imprison        passage         sash            thirstily
affluent        comic           entree          impromptu       passcode        sasquatch       thirsting
afford          coming          entrench        improper        passenger       sassy           thirsty
affront         comma           entrust         improve         passerby        satchel         thirteen
aflame          commence        entryway        improving       passing         satiable        thirty
afloat          commend         entwine         improvise       passion         satin           thong
aflutter        comment         enunciate       imprudent       passive         satirical       thorn
afoot           commerce        envelope        impulse         passivism       satisfied       those
afraid          commode         enviable        impulsive       passover        satisfy         thousand
afterglow       commodity       enviably        impure          passport        saturate        thrash
afterlife       commodore       envious         impurity        password        saturday        thread
aftermath       common          envision        iodine          pasta           sauciness       threaten
aftermost       commotion       envoy           iodize          pasted          saucy           threefold
afternoon       commute         envy            ion             pastel          sauna           thrift
aged            commuting       enzyme          ipad            pastime         savage          thrill
ageless         compacted       epic            iphone          pastor          savanna         thrive
agency          compacter       epidemic        ipod            pastrami        saved           thriving
agenda          compactly       epidermal       irate           pasture         savings         throat
agent           compactor       epidermis       irk             pasty           savior          throbbing
aggregate       companion       epidural        iron            patchwork       savor           throng
aghast          company         epilepsy        irregular       patchy          saxophone       throttle
agile           compare         epileptic       irrigate        paternal        say             throwaway
agility         compel          epilogue        irritable       paternity       scabbed         throwback
aging           compile         epiphany        irritably       path            scabby          thrower
agnostic        comply          episode         irritant        patience        scalded         throwing
agonize         component       equal           irritate        patient         scalding        thud
agonizing       composed        equate          islamic         patio           scale           thumb
agony           composer        equation        islamist        patriarch       scaling         thumping
agreeable       composite       equator         isolated        patriot         scallion        thursday
agreeably       compost         equinox         isolating       patrol          scallop         thus
agreed          composure       equipment       isolation       patronage       scalping        thwarting
agreeing        compound        equity          isotope         patronize       scam            thyself
agreement       compress        equivocal       issue           pauper          scandal         tiara
aground         comprised       eradicate       issuing         pavement        scanner         tibia
ahead           computer        erasable        italicize       paver           scanning        tidal
ahoy            computing       erased          italics         pavestone       scant           tidbit
aide            comrade         eraser          item            pavilion        scapegoat       tidiness
aids            concave         erasure         itinerary       paving          scarce          tidings
aim             conceal         ergonomic       itunes          pawing          scarcity        tidy
ajar            conceded        errand          ivory           payable         scarecrow       tiger
alabaster       concept         errant          ivy             payback         scared          tighten
alarm           concerned       erratic         jab             paycheck        scarf           tightly
albatross       concert         error           jackal          payday          scarily         tightness
album           conch           erupt           jacket          payee           scariness       tightrope
alfalfa         concierge       escalate        jackknife       payer           scarring        tightwad
algebra         concise         escalator       jackpot         paying          scary           tigress
algorithm       conclude        escapable       jailbird        payment         scavenger       tile
alias           concrete        escapade        jailbreak       payphone        scenic          tiling
alibi           concur          escapist        jailer          payroll         schedule        till
alienable       condense        escargot        jailhouse       pebble          schematic       tilt
alienate        condiment       eskimo          jalapeno        pebbly          scheme          timid
aliens          condition       esophagus       jam             pecan           scheming        timing
alike           condone         espionage       janitor         pectin          schilling       timothy
alive           conducive       espresso        january         peculiar        schnapps        tinderbox
alkaline        conductor       esquire         jargon          peddling        scholar         tinfoil
alkalize        conduit         essay           jarring         pediatric       science         tingle
almanac         cone            essence         jasmine         pedicure        scientist       tingling
almighty        confess         essential       jaundice        pedigree        scion           tingly
almost          confetti        establish       jaunt           pedometer       scoff           tinker
aloe            confidant       estate          java            pegboard        scolding        tinkling
aloft           confident       esteemed        jawed           pelican         scone           tinsel
aloha           confider        estimate        jawless         pellet          scoop           tinsmith
alone           confiding       estimator       jawline         pelt            scooter         tint
alongside       configure       estranged       jaws            pelvis          scope           tinwork
aloof           confined        estrogen        jaybird         penalize        scorch          tiny
alphabet        confining       etching         jaywalker       penalty         scorebook       tipoff
alright         confirm         eternal         jazz            pencil          scorecard       tipped
although        conflict        eternity        jeep            pendant         scored          tipper
altitude        conform         ethanol         jeeringly       pending         scoreless       tipping
alto            confound        ether           jellied         penholder       scorer          tiptoeing
aluminum        confront        ethically       jelly           penknife        scoring         tiptop
alumni          confused        ethics          jersey          pennant         scorn           tiring
always          confusing       euphemism       jester          penniless       scorpion        tissue
amaretto        confusion       evacuate        jet             penny           scotch          trace
amaze           congenial       evacuee         jiffy           penpal          scoundrel       tracing
amazingly       congested       evade           jigsaw          pension         scoured         track
amber           congrats        evaluate        jimmy           pentagon        scouring        traction
ambiance        congress        evaluator       jingle          pentagram       scouting        tractor
ambiguity       conical         evaporate       jingling        pep             scouts          trade
ambiguous       conjoined       evasion         jinx            perceive        scowling        trading
ambition        conjure         evasive         jitters         percent         scrabble        tradition
ambitious       conjuror        even            jittery         perch           scraggly        traffic
ambulance       connected       everglade       job             percolate       scrambled       tragedy
ambush          connector       evergreen       jockey          perennial       scrambler       trailing
amendable       consensus       everybody       jockstrap       perfected       scrap           trailside
amendment       consent         everyday        jogger          perfectly       scratch         train
amends          console         everyone        jogging         perfume         scrawny         traitor
amenity         consoling       evict           john            periscope       screen          trance
amiable         consonant       evidence        joining         perish          scribble        tranquil
amicably        constable       evident         jokester        perjurer        scribe          transfer
amid            constant        evil            jokingly        perjury         scribing        transform
amigo           constrain       evoke           jolliness       perkiness       scrimmage       translate
amino           constrict       evolution       jolly           perky           script          transpire
amiss           construct       evolve          jolt            perm            scroll          transport
ammonia         consult         exact           jot             peroxide        scrooge         transpose
ammonium        consumer        exalted         jovial          perpetual       scrounger       trapdoor
amnesty         consuming       example         joyfully        perplexed       scrubbed        trapeze
amniotic        contact         excavate        joylessly       persecute       scrubber        trapezoid
among           container       excavator       joyous          persevere       scruffy         trapped
amount          contempt        exceeding       joyride         persuaded       scrunch         trapper
amperage        contend         exception       joystick        persuader       scrutiny        trapping
ample           contented       excess          jubilance       pesky           scuba           traps
amplifier       contently       exchange        jubilant        peso            scuff           trash
amplify         contents        excitable       judge           pessimism       sculptor        travel
amply           contest         exciting        judgingly       pessimist       sculpture       traverse
amuck           context         exclaim         judicial        pester          scurvy          travesty
amulet          contort         exclude         judiciary       pesticide       scuttle         tray
amusable        contour         excluding       judo            petal           secluded        treachery
amused          contrite        exclusion       juggle          petite          secluding       treading
amusement       control         exclusive       juggling        petition        seclusion       treadmill
amuser          contusion       excretion       jugular         petri           second          treason
amusing         convene         excretory       juice           petroleum       secrecy         treat
anaconda        convent         excursion       juiciness       petted          secret          treble
anaerobic       copartner       excusable       juicy           petticoat       sectional       tree
anagram         cope            excusably       jujitsu         pettiness       sector          trekker
anatomist       copied          excuse          jukebox         petty           secular         tremble
anatomy         copier          exemplary       july            petunia         securely        trembling
anchor          copilot         exemplify       jumble          phantom         security        tremor
anchovy         coping          exemption       jumbo           phobia          sedan           trench
ancient         copious         exerciser       jump            phoenix         sedate          trend
android         copper          exert           junction        phonebook       sedation        trespass
anemia          copy            exes            juncture        phoney          sedative        triage
anemic          coral           exfoliate       june            phonics         sediment        trial
aneurism        cork            exhale          junior          phoniness       seduce          triangle
anew            cornball        exhaust         juniper         phony           seducing        tribesman
angelfish       cornbread       exhume          junkie          phosphate       segment         tribunal
angelic         corncob         exile           junkman         photo           seismic         tribune
anger           cornea          existing        junkyard        phrase          seizing         tributary
angled          corned          exit            jurist          phrasing        seldom          tribute
angler          corner          exodus          juror           placard         selected        triceps
angles          cornfield       exonerate       jury            placate         selection       trickery
angling         cornflake       exorcism        justice         placidly        selective       trickily
angrily         cornhusk        exorcist        justifier       plank           selector        tricking
angriness       cornmeal        expand          justify         planner         self            trickle
anguished       cornstalk       expanse         justly          plant           seltzer         trickster
angular         corny           expansion       justness        plasma          semantic        tricky
animal          coronary        expansive       juvenile        plaster         semester        tricolor
animate         coroner         expectant       kabob           plastic         semicolon       tricycle
animating       corporal        expedited       kangaroo        plated          semifinal       trident
animation       corporate       expediter       karaoke         platform        seminar         tried
animator        corral          expel           karate          plating         semisoft        trifle
anime           correct         expend          karma           platinum        semisweet       trifocals
animosity       corridor        expenses        kebab           platonic        senate          trillion
ankle           corrode         expensive       keenly          platter         senator         trilogy
annex           corroding       expert          keenness        platypus        send            trimester
annotate        corrosive       expire          keep            plausible       senior          trimmer
announcer       corsage         expiring        keg             plausibly       senorita        trimming
annoying        corset          explain         kelp            playable        sensation       trimness
annually        cortex          expletive       kennel          playback        sensitive       trinity
annuity         cosigner        explicit        kept            player          sensitize       trio
anointer        cosmetics       explode         kerchief        playful         sensually       tripod
another         cosmic          exploit         kerosene        playgroup       sensuous        tripping
answering       cosmos          explore         kettle          playhouse       sepia           triumph
antacid         cosponsor       exploring       kick            playing         september       trivial
antarctic       cost            exponent        kiln            playlist        septic          trodden
anteater        cottage         exporter        kilobyte        playmaker       septum          trolling
antelope        cotton          exposable       kilogram        playmate        sequel          trombone
antennae        couch           expose          kilometer       playoff         sequence        trophy
anthem          cough           exposure        kilowatt        playpen         sequester       tropical
anthill         could           express         kilt            playroom        series          tropics
anthology       countable       expulsion       kimono          playset         sermon          trouble
antibody        countdown       exquisite       kindle          plaything       serotonin       troubling
antics          counting        extended        kindling        playtime        serpent         trough
antidote        countless       extending       kindly          plaza           serrated        trousers
antihero        country         extent          kindness        pleading        serve           trout
antiquely       county          extenuate       kindred         pleat           service         trowel
antiques        courier         exterior        kinetic         pledge          serving         truce
antiquity       covenant        external        kinfolk         plentiful       sesame          truck
antirust        cover           extinct         king            plenty          sessions        truffle
antitoxic       coveted         extortion       kinship         plethora        setback         trump
antitrust       coveting        extradite       kinsman         plexiglas       setting         trunks
antiviral       coyness         extras          kinswoman       pliable         settle          trustable
antivirus       cozily          extrovert       kissable        plod            settling        trustee
antler          coziness        extrude         kisser          plop            setup           trustful
antonym         cozy            extruding       kissing         plot            sevenfold       trusting
antsy           crabbing        exuberant       kitchen         plow            seventeen       trustless
anvil           crabgrass       fable           kite            ploy            seventh         truth
anybody         crablike        fabric          kitten          pluck           seventy         try
anyhow          crabmeat        fabulous        kitty           plug            severity        tubby
anymore         cradle          facebook        kiwi            plunder         shabby          tubeless
anyone          cradling        facecloth       kleenex         plunging        shack           tubular
anyplace        crafter         facedown        knapsack        plural          shaded          tucking
anything        craftily        faceless        knee            plus            shadily         tuesday
anytime         craftsman       facelift        knelt           plutonium       shadiness       tug
anyway          craftwork       faceplate       knickers        plywood         shading         tuition
anywhere        crafty          faceted         knoll           poach           shadow          tulip
aorta           cramp           facial          koala           pod             shady           tumble
apache          cranberry       facility        kooky           poem            shaft           tumbling
apostle         crane           facing          kosher          poet            shakable        tummy
appealing       cranial         facsimile       krypton         pogo            shakily         turban
appear          cranium         faction         kudos           pointed         shakiness       turbine
appease         crank           factoid         kung            pointer         shaking         turbofan
appeasing       crate           factor          labored         pointing        shaky           turbojet
appendage       crave           factsheet       laborer         pointless       shale           turbulent
appendix        craving         factual         laboring        pointy          shallot         turf
appetite        crawfish        faculty         laborious       poise           shallow         turkey
appetizer       crawlers        fade            labrador        poison          shame           turmoil
applaud         crawling        fading          ladder          poker           shampoo         turret
applause        crayfish        failing         ladies          poking          shamrock        turtle
apple           crayon          falcon          ladle           polar           shank           tusk
appliance       crazed          fall            ladybug         police          shanty          tutor
applicant       crazily         false           ladylike        policy          shape           tutu
applied         craziness       falsify         lagged          polio           shaping         tux
apply           crazy           fame            lagging         polish          share           tweak
appointee       creamed         familiar        lagoon          politely        sharpener       tweed
appraisal       creamer         family          lair            polka           sharper         tweet
appraiser       creamlike       famine          lake            polo            sharpie         tweezers
apprehend       crease          famished        lance           polyester       sharply         twelve
approach        creasing        fanatic         landed          polygon         sharpness       twentieth
approval        creatable       fancied         landfall        polygraph       shawl           twenty
approve         create          fanciness       landfill        polymer         sheath          twerp
apricot         creation        fancy           landing         poncho          shed            twice
april           creative        fanfare         landlady        pond            sheep           twiddle
apron           creature        fang            landless        pony            sheet           twiddling
aptitude        credible        fanning         landline        popcorn         shelf           twig
aptly           credibly        fantasize       landlord        pope            shell           twilight
aqua            credit          fantastic       landmark        poplar          shelter         twine
aqueduct        creed           fantasy         landmass        popper          shelve          twins
arbitrary       creme           fascism         landmine        poppy           shelving        twirl
arbitrate       creole          fastball        landowner       popsicle        sherry          twistable
ardently        crepe           faster          landscape       populace        shield          twisted
area            crept           fasting         landside        popular         shifter         twister
arena           crescent        fastness        landslide       populate        shifting        twisting
arguable        crested         faucet          language        porcupine       shiftless       twisty
arguably        cresting        favorable       lankiness       pork            shifty          twitch
argue           crestless       favorably       lanky           porous          shimmer         twitter
arise           crevice         favored         lantern         porridge        shimmy          tycoon
armadillo       crewless        favoring        lapdog          portable        shindig         tying
armband         crewman         favorite        lapel           portal          shine           tyke
armchair        crewmate        fax             lapped          portfolio       shingle         udder
armed           crib            feast           lapping         porthole        shininess       ultimate
armful          cricket         federal         laptop          portion         shining         ultimatum
armhole         cried           fedora          lard            portly          shiny           ultra
arming          crier           feeble          large           portside        ship            umbilical
armless         crimp           feed            lark            poser           shirt           umbrella
armoire         crimson         feel            lash            posh            shivering       umpire
armored         cringe          feisty          lasso           posing          shock           unabashed
armory          cringing        feline          last            possible        shone           unable
armrest         crinkle         felt-tip        latch           possibly        shoplift        unadorned
army            crinkly         feminine        late            possum          shopper         unadvised
aroma           crisped         feminism        lather          postage         shopping        unafraid
arose           crisping        feminist        latitude        postal          shoptalk        unaired
around          crisply         feminize        latrine         postbox         shore           unaligned
arousal         crispness       femur           latter          postcard        shortage        unaltered
arrange         crispy          fence           latticed        posted          shortcake       unarmored
array           criteria        fencing         launch          poster          shortcut        unashamed
arrest          critter         fender          launder         posting         shorten         unaudited
arrival         croak           ferment         laundry         postnasal       shorter         unawake
arrive          crock           fernlike        laurel          posture         shorthand       unaware
arrogance       crook           ferocious       lavender        postwar         shortlist       unbaked
arrogant        croon           ferocity        lavish          pouch           shortly         unbalance
arson           crop            ferret          laxative        pounce          shortness       unbeaten
art             cross           ferris          lazily          pouncing        shorts          unbend
ascend          crouch          ferry           laziness        pound           shortwave       unbent
ascension       crouton         fervor          lazy            pouring         shorty          unbiased
ascent          crowbar         fester          lecturer        pout            shout           unbitten
ascertain       crowd           festival        left            powdered        shove           unblended
ashamed         crown           festive         legacy          powdering       showbiz         unblessed
ashen           crucial         festivity       legal           powdery         showcase        unblock
ashes           crudely         fetal           legend          power           showdown        unbolted
ashy            crudeness       fetch           legged          powwow          shower          unbounded
aside           cruelly         fever           leggings        pox             showgirl        unboxed
askew           cruelness       fiber           legible         praising        showing         unbraided
asleep          cruelty         fiction         legibly         prance          showman         unbridle
asparagus       crumb           fiddle          legislate       prancing        shown           unbroken
aspect          crummiest       fiddling        lego            pranker         showoff         unbuckled
aspirate        crummy          fidelity        legroom         prankish        showpiece       unbundle
aspire          crumpet         fidgeting       legume          prankster       showplace       unburned
aspirin         crumpled        fidgety         legwarmer       prayer          showroom        unbutton
astonish        cruncher        fifteen         legwork         praying         showy           uncanny
astound         crunching       fifth           lemon           preacher        shrank          uncapped
astride         crunchy         fiftieth        lend            preaching       shrapnel        uncaring
astrology       crusader        fifty           length          preachy         shredder        uncertain
astronaut       crushable       figment         lens            preamble        shredding       unchain
astronomy       crushed         figure          lent            precinct        shrewdly        unchanged
astute          crusher         figurine        leotard         precise         shriek          uncharted
atlantic        crushing        filing          lesser          precision       shrill          uncheck
atlas           crust           filled          letdown         precook         shrimp          uncivil
atom            crux            filler          lethargic       precut          shrine          unclad
atonable        crying          filling         lethargy        predator        shrink          unclaimed
atop            cryptic         film            letter          predefine       shrivel         unclamped
atrium          crystal         filter          lettuce         predict         shrouded        unclasp
atrocious       cubbyhole       filth           level           preface         shrubbery       uncle
atrophy         cube            filtrate        leverage        prefix          shrubs          unclip
attach          cubical         finale          levers          preflight       shrug           uncloak
attain          cubicle         finalist        levitate        preformed       shrunk          unclog
attempt         cucumber        finalize        levitator       pregame         shucking        unclothed
attendant       cuddle          finally         liability       pregnancy       shudder         uncoated
attendee        cuddly          finance         liable          pregnant        shuffle         uncoiled
attention       cufflink        financial       liberty         preheated       shuffling       uncolored
attentive       culinary        finch           librarian       prelaunch       shun            uncombed
attest          culminate       fineness        library         prelaw          shush           uncommon
attic           culpable        finer           licking         prelude         shut            uncooked
attire          culprit         finicky         licorice        premiere        shy             uncork
attitude        cultivate       finished        lid             premises        siamese         uncorrupt
attractor       cultural        finisher        life            premium         siberian        uncounted
attribute       culture         finishing       lifter          prenatal        sibling         uncouple
atypical        cupbearer       finite          lifting         preoccupy       siding          uncouth
auction         cupcake         finless         liftoff         preorder        sierra          uncover
audacious       cupid           finlike         ligament        prepaid         siesta          uncross
audacity        cupped          fiscally        likely          prepay          sift            uncrown
audible         cupping         fit             likeness        preplan         sighing         uncrushed
audibly         curable         five            likewise        preppy          silenced        uncured
audience        curator         flaccid         liking          preschool       silencer        uncurious
audio           curdle          flagman         lilac           prescribe       silent          uncurled
audition        cure            flagpole        lilly           preseason       silica          uncut
augmented       curfew          flagship        lily            preset          silicon         undamaged
august          curing          flagstick       limb            preshow         silk            undated
authentic       curled          flagstone       limeade         president       silliness       undaunted
author          curler          flail           limelight       presoak         silly           undead
autism          curliness       flakily         limes           press           silo            undecided
autistic        curling         flaky           limit           presume         silt            undefined
autograph       curly           flame           limping         presuming       silver          underage
automaker       curry           flammable       limpness        preteen         similarly       underarm
automated       curse           flanked         line            pretended       simile          undercoat
automatic       cursive         flanking        lingo           pretender       simmering       undercook
autopilot       cursor          flannels        linguini        pretense        simple          undercut
available       curtain         flap            linguist        pretext         simplify        underdog
avalanche       curtly          flaring         lining          pretty          simply          underdone
avatar          curtsy          flashback       linked          pretzel         sincere         underfed
avenge          curvature       flashbulb       linoleum        prevail         sincerity       underfeed
avenging        curve           flashcard       linseed         prevalent       singer          underfoot
avenue          curvy           flashily        lint            prevent         singing         undergo
average         cushy           flashing        lion            preview         single          undergrad
aversion        cusp            flashy          lip             previous        singular        underhand
avert           cussed          flask           liquefy         prewar          sinister        underline
aviation        custard         flatbed         liqueur         prewashed       sinless         underling
aviator         custodian       flatfoot        liquid          prideful        sinner          undermine
avid            custody         flatly          lisp            pried           sinuous         undermost
avoid           customary       flatness        list            primal          sip             underpaid
await           customer        flatten         litigate        primarily       siren           underpass
awaken          customize       flattered       litigator       primary         sister          underpay
award           customs         flatterer       litmus          primate         sitcom          underrate
aware           cut             flattery        litter          primer          sitter          undertake
awhile          cycle           flattop         little          primp           sitting         undertone
awkward         cyclic          flatware        livable         princess        situated        undertook
awning          cycling         flatworm        lived           print           situation       undertow
awoke           cyclist         flavored        lively          prior           sixfold         underuse
awry            cylinder        flavorful       liver           prism           sixteen         underwear
axis            cymbal          flavoring       livestock       prison          sixth           underwent
babble          cytoplasm       flaxseed        lividly         prissy          sixties         underwire
babbling        cytoplast       fled            living          pristine        sixtieth        undesired
babied          dab             fleshed         lizard          privacy         sixtyfold       undiluted
baboon          dad             fleshy          lubricant       private         sizable         undivided
backache        daffodil        flick           lubricate       privatize       sizably         undocked
backboard       dagger          flier           lucid           prize           size            undoing
backboned       daily           flight          luckily         proactive       sizing          undone
backdrop        daintily        flinch          luckiness       probable        sizzle          undrafted
backed          dainty          fling           luckless        probably        sizzling        undress
backer          dairy           flint           lucrative       probation       skater          undrilled
backfield       daisy           flip            ludicrous       probe           skating         undusted
backfire        dallying        flirt           lugged          probing         skedaddle       undying
backhand        dance           float           lukewarm        probiotic       skeletal        unearned
backing         dancing         flock           lullaby         problem         skeleton        unearth
backlands       dandelion       flogging        lumber          procedure       skeptic         unease
backlash        dander          flop            luminance       process         sketch          uneasily
backless        dandruff        floral          luminous        proclaim        skewed          uneasy
backlight       dandy           florist         lumpiness       procreate       skewer          uneatable
backlit         danger          floss           lumping         procurer        skid            uneaten
backlog         dangle          flounder        lumpish         prodigal        skied           unedited
backpack        dangling        flyable         lunacy          prodigy         skier           unelected
backpedal       daredevil       flyaway         lunar           produce         skies           unending
backrest        dares           flyer           lunchbox        product         skiing          unengaged
backroom        daringly        flying          luncheon        profane         skilled         unenvied
backshift       darkened        flyover         lunchroom       profanity       skillet         unequal
backside        darkening       flypaper        lunchtime       professed       skillful        unethical
backslid        darkish         foam            lung            professor       skimmed         uneven
backspace       darkness        foe             lurch           profile         skimmer         unexpired
backspin        darkroom        fog             lure            profound        skimming        unexposed
backstab        darling         foil            luridness       profusely       skimpily        unfailing
backstage       darn            folic           lurk            progeny         skincare        unfair
backtalk        dart            folk            lushly          prognosis       skinhead        unfasten
backtrack       darwinism       follicle        lushness        program         skinless        unfazed
backup          dash            follow          luster          progress        skinning        unfeeling
backward        dastardly       fondling        lustfully       projector       skinny          unfiled
backwash        data            fondly          lustily         prologue        skintight       unfilled
backwater       datebook        fondness        lustiness       prolonged       skipper         unfitted
backyard        dating          fondue          lustrous        promenade       skipping        unfitting
bacon           daughter        font            lusty           prominent       skirmish        unfixable
bacteria        daunting        food            luxurious       promoter        skirt           unfixed
bacterium       dawdler         fool            luxury          promotion       skittle         unflawed
badass          dawn            footage         lying           prompter        skydiver        unfocused
badge           daybed          football        lyrically       promptly        skylight        unfold
badland         daybreak        footbath        lyricism        prone           skyline         unfounded
badly           daycare         footboard       lyricist        prong           skype           unframed
badness         daydream        footer          lyrics          pronounce       skyrocket       unfreeze
baffle          daylight        footgear        macarena        pronto          skyward         unfrosted
baffling        daylong         foothill        macaroni        proofing        slab            unfrozen
bagel           dayroom         foothold        macaw           proofread       slacked         unfunded
bagful          daytime         footing         mace            proofs          slacker         unglazed
baggage         dazzler         footless        machine         propeller       slacking        ungloved
bagged          dazzling        footman         machinist       properly        slackness       unglue
baggie          deacon          footnote        magazine        property        slacks          ungodly
bagginess       deafening       footpad         magenta         proponent       slain           ungraded
bagging         deafness        footpath        maggot          proposal        slam            ungreased
baggy           dealer          footprint       magical         propose         slander         unguarded
bagpipe         dealing         footrest        magician        props           slang           unguided
baguette        dealmaker       footsie         magma           prorate         slapping        unhappily
baked           dealt           footsore        magnesium       protector       slapstick       unhappy
bakery          dean            footwear        magnetic        protegee        slashed         unharmed
bakeshop        debatable       footwork        magnetism       proton          slashing        unhealthy
baking          debate          fossil          magnetize       prototype       slate           unheard
balance         debating        foster          magnifier       protozoan       slather         unhearing
balancing       debit           founder         magnify         protract        slaw            unheated
balcony         debrief         founding        magnitude       protrude        sled            unhelpful
balmy           debtless        fountain        magnolia        proud           sleek           unhidden
balsamic        debtor          fox             mahogany        provable        sleep           unhinge
bamboo          debug           foyer           maimed          proved          sleet           unhitched
banana          debunk          fraction        majestic        proven          sleeve          unholy
banish          decade          fracture        majesty         provided        slept           unhook
banister        decaf           fragile         majorette       provider        sliceable       unicorn
banjo           decal           fragility       majority        providing       sliced          unicycle
bankable        decathlon       fragment        makeover        province        slicer          unified
bankbook        decay           fragrance       maker           proving         slicing         unifier
banked          deceased        fragrant        makeshift       provoke         slick           uniformed
banker          deceit          frail           making          provoking       slider          uniformly
banking         deceiver        frame           malformed       provolone       slideshow       unify
banknote        deceiving       framing         malt            prowess         sliding         unimpeded
bankroll        december        frantic         mama            prowler         slighted        uninjured
banner          decency         fraternal       mammal          prowling        slighting       uninstall
bannister       decent          frayed          mammary         proximity       slightly        uninsured
banshee         deception       fraying         mammogram       proxy           slimness        uninvited
banter          deceptive       frays           manager         prozac          slimy           union
barbecue        decibel         freckled        managing        prude           slinging        uniquely
barbed          decidable       freckles        manatee         prudishly       slingshot       unisexual
barbell         decimal         freebase        mandarin        prune           slinky          unison
barber          decimeter       freebee         mandate         pruning         slip            unissued
barcode         decipher        freebie         mandatory       pry             slit            unit
barge           deck            freedom         mandolin        psychic         sliver          universal
bargraph        declared        freefall        manger          public          slobbery        universe
barista         decline         freehand        mangle          publisher       slogan          unjustly
baritone        decode          freeing         mango           pucker          sloped          unkempt
barley          decompose       freeload        mangy           pueblo          sloping         unkind
barmaid         decorated       freely          manhandle       pug             sloppily        unknotted
barman          decorator       freemason       manhole         pull            sloppy          unknowing
barn            decoy           freeness        manhood         pulmonary       slot            unknown
barometer       decrease        freestyle       manhunt         pulp            slouching       unlaced
barrack         decree          freeware        manicotti       pulsate         slouchy         unlatch
barracuda       dedicate        freeway         manicure        pulse           sludge          unlawful
barrel          dedicator       freewill        manifesto       pulverize       slug            unleaded
barrette        deduce          freezable       manila          puma            slum            unlearned
barricade       deduct          freezing        mankind         pumice          slurp           unleash
barrier         deed            freight         manlike         pummel          slush           unless
barstool        deem            french          manliness       punch           sly             unleveled
bartender       deepen          frenzied        manly           punctual        small           unlighted
barterer        deeply          frenzy          manmade         punctuate       smartly         unlikable
bash            deepness        frequency       manned          punctured       smartness       unlimited
basically       deface          frequent        mannish         pungent         smasher         unlined
basics          defacing        fresh           manor           punisher        smashing        unlinked
basil           defame          fretful         manpower        punk            smashup         unlisted
basin           default         fretted         mantis          pupil           smell           unlit
basis           defeat          friction        mantra          puppet          smelting        unlivable
basket          defection       friday          manual          puppy           smile           unloaded
batboy          defective       fridge          many            purchase        smilingly       unloader
batch           defendant       fried           map             pureblood       smirk           unlocked
bath            defender        friend          marathon        purebred        smite           unlocking
baton           defense         frighten        marauding       purely          smith           unlovable
bats            defensive       frightful       marbled         pureness        smitten         unloved
battalion       deferral        frigidity       marbles         purgatory       smock           unlovely
battered        deferred        frigidly        marbling        purge           smog            unloving
battering       defiance        frill           march           purging         smoked          unluckily
battery         defiant         fringe          mardi           purifier        smokeless       unlucky
batting         defile          frisbee         margarine       purify          smokiness       unmade
battle          defiling        frisk           margarita       purist          smoking         unmanaged
bauble          define          fritter         margin          puritan         smoky           unmanned
bazooka         definite        frivolous       marigold        purity          smolder         unmapped
blabber         deflate         frolic          marina          purple          smooth          unmarked
bladder         deflation       from            marine          purplish        smother         unmasked
blade           deflator        front           marital         purposely       smudge          unmasking
blah            deflected       frostbite       maritime        purr            smudgy          unmatched
blame           deflector       frosted         marlin          purse           smuggler        unmindful
blaming         defog           frostily        marmalade       pursuable       smuggling       unmixable
blanching       deforest        frosting        maroon          pursuant        smugly          unmixed
blandness       defraud         frostlike       married         pursuit         smugness        unmolded
blank           defrost         frosty          marrow          purveyor        snack           unmoral
blaspheme       deftly          froth           marry           pushcart        snagged         unmovable
blasphemy       defuse          frown           marshland       pushchair       snaking         unmoved
blast           defy            frozen          marshy          pusher          snap            unmoving
blatancy        degraded        fructose        marsupial       pushiness       snare           unnamable
blatantly       degrading       frugality       marvelous       pushing         snarl           unnamed
blazer          degrease        frugally        marxism         pushover        snazzy          unnatural
blazing         degree          fruit           mascot          pushpin         sneak           unneeded
bleach          dehydrate       frustrate       masculine       pushup          sneer           unnerve
bleak           deity           frying          mashed          pushy           sneeze          unnerving
bleep           dejected        gab             mashing         putdown         sneezing        unnoticed
blemish         delay           gaffe           massager        putt            snide           unopened
blend           delegate        gag             masses          puzzle          sniff           unopposed
bless           delegator       gainfully       massive         puzzling        snippet         unpack
blighted        delete          gaining         mastiff         pyramid         snipping        unpadded
blimp           deletion        gains           matador         pyromania       snitch          unpaid
bling           delicacy        gala            matchbook       python          snooper         unpainted
blinked         delicate        gallantly       matchbox        quack           snooze          unpaired
blinker         delicious       galleria        matcher         quadrant        snore           unpaved
blinking        delighted       gallery         matching        quail           snoring         unpeeled
blinks          delirious       galley          matchless       quaintly        snorkel         unpicked
blip            delirium        gallon          material        quake           snort           unpiloted
blissful        deliverer       gallows         maternal        quaking         snout           unpinned
blitz           delivery        gallstone       maternity       qualified       snowbird        unplanned
blizzard        delouse         galore          math            qualifier       snowboard       unplanted
bloated         delta           galvanize       mating          qualify         snowbound       unpleased
bloating        deluge          gambling        matriarch       quality         snowcap         unpledged
blob            delusion        game            matrimony       qualm           snowdrift       unplowed
blog            deluxe          gaming          matrix          quantum         snowdrop        unplug
bloomers        demanding       gamma           matron          quarrel         snowfall        unpopular
blooming        demeaning       gander          matted          quarry          snowfield       unproven
blooper         demeanor        gangly          matter          quartered       snowflake       unquote
blot            demise          gangrene        maturely        quarterly       snowiness       unranked
blouse          democracy       gangway         maturing        quarters        snowless        unrated
blubber         democrat        gap             maturity        quartet         snowman         unraveled
bluff           demote          garage          mauve           quench          snowplow        unreached
bluish          demotion        garbage         maverick        query           snowshoe        unread
blunderer       demystify       garden          maximize        quicken         snowstorm       unreal
blunt           denatured       gargle          maximum         quickly         snowsuit        unreeling
blurb           deniable        garland         maybe           quickness       snowy           unrefined
blurred         denial          garlic          mayday          quicksand       snub            unrelated
blurry          denim           garment         mayflower       quickstep       snuff           unrented
blurt           denote          garnet          moaner          quiet           snuggle         unrest
blush           dense           garnish         moaning         quill           snugly          unretired
blustery        density         garter          mobile          quilt           snugness        unrevised
boaster         dental          gas             mobility        quintet         speak           unrigged
boastful        dentist         gatherer        mobilize        quintuple       spearfish       unripe
boasting        denture         gathering       mobster         quirk           spearhead       unrivaled
boat            deny            gating          mocha           quit            spearman        unroasted
bobbed          deodorant       gauging         mocker          quiver          spearmint       unrobed
bobbing         deodorize       gauntlet        mockup          quizzical       species         unroll
bobble          departed        gauze           modified        quotable        specimen        unruffled
bobcat          departure       gave            modify          quotation       specked         unruly
bobsled         depict          gawk            modular         quote           speckled        unrushed
bobtail         deplete         gazing          modulator       rabid           specks          unsaddle
bodacious       depletion       gear            module          race            spectacle       unsafe
body            deplored        gecko           moisten         racing          spectator       unsaid
bogged          deploy          geek            moistness       racism          spectrum        unsalted
boggle          deport          geiger          moisture        rack            speculate       unsaved
bogus           depose          gem             molar           racoon          speech          unsavory
boil            depraved        gender          molasses        radar           speed           unscathed
bok             depravity       generic         mold            radial          spellbind       unscented
bolster         deprecate       generous        molecular       radiance        speller         unscrew
bolt            depress         genetics        molecule        radiantly       spelling        unsealed
bonanza         deprive         genre           molehill        radiated        spendable       unseated
bonded          depth           gentile         mollusk         radiation       spender         unsecured
bonding         deputize        gentleman       mom             radiator        spending        unseeing
bondless        deputy          gently          monastery       radio           spent           unseemly
boned           derail          gents           monday          radish          spew            unseen
bonehead        deranged        geography       monetary        raffle          sphere          unselect
boneless        derby           geologic        monetize        raft            spherical       unselfish
bonelike        derived         geologist       moneybags       rage            sphinx          unsent
boney           desecrate       geology         moneyless       ragged          spider          unsettled
bonfire         deserve         geometric       moneywise       raging          spied           unshackle
bonnet          deserving       geometry        mongoose        ragweed         spiffy          unshaken
bonsai          designate       geranium        mongrel         raider          spill           unshaved
bonus           designed        gerbil          monitor         railcar         spilt           unshaven
bony            designer        geriatric       monkhood        railing         spinach         unsheathe
boogeyman       designing       germicide       monogamy        railroad        spinal          unshipped
boogieman       deskbound       germinate       monogram        railway         spindle         unsightly
book            desktop         germless        monologue       raisin          spinner         unsigned
boondocks       deskwork        germproof       monopoly        rake            spinning        unskilled
booted          desolate        gestate         monorail        raking          spinout         unsliced
booth           despair         gestation       monotone        rally           spinster        unsmooth
bootie          despise         gesture         monotype        ramble          spiny           unsnap
booting         despite         getaway         monoxide        rambling        spiral          unsocial
bootlace        destiny         getting         monsieur        ramp            spirited        unsoiled
bootleg         destitute       getup           monsoon         ramrod          spiritism       unsold
boots           destruct        giant           monstrous       ranch           spirits         unsolved
boozy           detached        gibberish       monthly         rancidity       spiritual       unsorted
borax           detail          giblet          monument        random          splashed        unspoiled
boring          detection       giddily         moocher         ranged          splashing       unspoken
borough         detective       giddiness       moodiness       ranger          splashy         unstable
borrower        detector        giddy           moody           ranging         splatter        unstaffed
borrowing       detention       gift            mooing          ranked          spleen          unstamped
boss            detergent       gigabyte        moonbeam        ranking         splendid        unsteady
botanical       detest          gigahertz       mooned          ransack         splendor        unsterile
botanist        detonate        gigantic        moonlight       ranting         splice          unstirred
botany          detonator       giggle          moonlike        rants           splicing        unstitch
botch           detoxify        giggling        moonlit         rare            splinter        unstopped
both            detract         giggly          moonrise        rarity          splotchy        unstuck
bottle          deuce           gigolo          moonscape       rascal          splurge         unstuffed
bottling        devalue         gilled          moonshine       rash            spoilage        unstylish
bottom          deviancy        gills           moonstone       rasping         spoiled         unsubtle
bounce          deviant         gimmick         moonwalk        ravage          spoiler         unsubtly
bouncing        deviate         girdle          mop             raven           spoiling        unsuited
bouncy          deviation       giveaway        morale          ravine          spoils          unsure
bounding        deviator        given           morality        raving          spoken          unsworn
boundless       device          giver           morally         ravioli         spokesman       untagged
bountiful       devious         giving          morbidity       ravishing       sponge          untainted
bovine          devotedly       gizmo           morbidly        reabsorb        spongy          untaken
boxcar          devotee         gizzard         morphine        reach           sponsor         untamed
boxer           devotion        glacial         morphing        reacquire       spoof           untangled
boxing          devourer        glacier         morse           reaction        spookily        untapped
boxlike         devouring       glade           mortality       reactive        spooky          untaxed
boxy            devoutly        gladiator       mortally        reactor         spool           unthawed
breach          dexterity       gladly          mortician       reaffirm        spoon           unthread
breath          dexterous       glamorous       mortified       ream            spore           untidy
breeches        diabetes        glamour         mortify         reanalyze       sporting        untie
breeching       diabetic        glance          mortuary        reappear        sports          until
breeder         diabolic        glancing        mosaic          reapply         sporty          untimed
breeding        diagnoses       glandular       mossy           reappoint       spotless        untimely
breeze          diagnosis       glare           most            reapprove       spotlight       untitled
breezy          diagram         glaring         mothball        rearrange       spotted         untoasted
brethren        dial            glass           mothproof       rearview        spotter         untold
brewery         diameter        glaucoma        motion          reason          spotting        untouched
brewing         diaper          glazing         motivate        reassign        spotty          untracked
briar           diaphragm       gleaming        motivator       reassure        spousal         untrained
bribe           diary           gleeful         motive          reattach        spouse          untreated
brick           dice            glider          motocross       reawake         spout           untried
bride           dicing          gliding         motor           rebalance       sprain          untrimmed
bridged         dictate         glimmer         motto           rebate          sprang          untrue
brigade         dictation       glimpse         mountable       rebel           sprawl          untruth
bright          dictator        glisten         mountain        rebirth         spray           unturned
brilliant       difficult       glitch          mounted         reboot          spree           untwist
brim            diffused        glitter         mounting        reborn          sprig           untying
bring           diffuser        glitzy          mourner         rebound         spring          unusable
brink           diffusion       gloater         mournful        rebuff          sprinkled       unused
brisket         diffusive       gloating        mouse           rebuild         sprinkler       unusual
briskly         dig             gloomily        mousiness       rebuilt         sprint          unvalued
briskness       dilation        gloomy          moustache       reburial        sprite          unvaried
bristle         diligence       glorified       mousy           rebuttal        sprout          unvarying
brittle         diligent        glorifier       mouth           recall          spruce          unveiled
broadband       dill            glorify         movable         recant          sprung          unveiling
broadcast       dilute          glorious        move            recapture       spry            unvented
broaden         dime            glory           movie           recast          spud            unviable
broadly         diminish        gloss           moving          recede          spur            unvisited
broadness       dimly           glove           mower           recent          sputter         unvocal
broadside       dimmed          glowing         mowing          recess          spyglass        unwanted
broadways       dimmer          glowworm        much            recharger       squabble        unwarlike
broiler         dimness         glucose         muck            recipient       squad           unwary
broiling        dimple          glue            mud             recital         squall          unwashed
broken          diner           gluten          mug             recite          squander        unwatched
broker          dingbat         glutinous       mulberry        reckless        squash          unweave
bronchial       dinghy          glutton         mulch           reclaim         squatted        unwed
bronco          dinginess       gnarly          mule            recliner        squatter        unwelcome
bronze          dingo           gnat            mulled          reclining       squatting       unwell
bronzing        dingy           goal            mullets         recluse         squeak          unwieldy
brook           dining          goatskin        multiple        reclusive       squealer        unwilling
broom           dinner          goes            multiply        recognize       squealing       unwind
brought         diocese         goggles         multitask       recoil          squeamish       unwired
browbeat        dioxide         going           multitude       recollect       squeegee        unwitting
brownnose       diploma         goldfish        mumble          recolor         squeeze         unwomanly
browse          dipped          goldmine        mumbling        reconcile       squeezing       unworldly
browsing        dipper          goldsmith       mumbo           reconfirm       squid           unworn
bruising        dipping         golf            mummified       reconvene       squiggle        unworried
brunch          directed        goliath         mummify         recopy          squiggly        unworthy
brunette        direction       gonad           mummy           record          squint          unwound
brunt           directive       gondola         mumps           recount         squire          unwoven
brush           directly        gone            munchkin        recoup          squirt          unwrapped
brussels        directory       gong            mundane         recovery        squishier       unwritten
brute           direness        good            municipal       recreate        squishy         unzip
brutishly       dirtiness       gooey           muppet          rectal          stability       upbeat
bubble          disabled        goofball        mural           rectangle       stabilize       upchuck
bubbling        disagree        goofiness       murkiness       rectified       stable          upcoming
bubbly          disallow        goofy           murky           rectify         stack           upcountry
buccaneer       disarm          google          murmuring       recycled        stadium         update
bucked          disarray        goon            muscular        recycler        staff           upfront
bucket          disaster        gopher          museum          recycling       stage           upgrade
buckle          disband         gore            mushily         reemerge        staging         upheaval
buckshot        disbelief       gorged          mushiness       reenact         stagnant        upheld
buckskin        disburse        gorgeous        mushroom        reenter         stagnate        uphill
bucktooth       discard         gory            mushy           reentry         stainable       uphold
buckwheat       discern         gosling         music           reexamine       stained         uplifted
buddhism        discharge       gossip          musket          referable       staining        uplifting
buddhist        disclose        gothic          muskiness       referee         stainless       upload
budding         discolor        gotten          musky           reference       stalemate       upon
buddy           discount        gout            mustang         refill          staleness       upper
budget          discourse       gown            mustard         refinance       stalling        upright
buffalo         discover        grab            muster          refined         stallion        uprising
buffed          discuss         graceful        mustiness       refinery        stamina         upriver
buffer          disdain         graceless       musty           refining        stammer         uproar
buffing         disengage       gracious        mutable         refinish        stamp           uproot
buffoon         disfigure       gradation       mutate          reflected       stand           upscale
buggy           disgrace        graded          mutation        reflector       stank           upside
bulb            dish            grader          mute            reflex          staple          upstage
bulge           disinfect       gradient        mutilated       reflux          stapling        upstairs
bulginess       disjoin         grading         mutilator       refocus         starboard       upstart
bulgur          disk            gradually       mutiny          refold          starch          upstate
bulk            dislike         graduate        mutt            reforest        stardom         upstream
bulldog         disliking       graffiti        mutual          reformat        stardust        upstroke
bulldozer       dislocate       grafted         muzzle          reformed        starfish        upswing
bullfight       dislodge        grafting        myself          reformer        stargazer       uptake
bullfrog        disloyal        grain           myspace         reformist       staring         uptight
bullhorn        dismantle       granddad        mystified       refract         stark           uptown
bullion         dismay          grandkid        mystify         refrain         starless        upturned
bullish         dismiss         grandly         myth            refreeze        starlet         upward
bullpen         dismount        grandma         nacho           refresh         starlight       upwind
bullring        disobey         grandpa         nag             refried         starlit         uranium
bullseye        disorder        grandson        nail            refueling       starring        urban
bullwhip        disown          granite         name            refund          starry          urchin
bully           disparate       granny          naming          refurbish       starship        urethane
bunch           disparity       granola         nanny           refurnish       starter         urgency
bundle          dispatch        grant           nanometer       refusal         starting        urgent
bungee          dispense        granular        nape            refuse          startle         urging
bunion          dispersal       grape           napkin          refusing        startling       urologist
bunkbed         dispersed       graph           napped          refutable       startup         urology
bunkhouse       disperser       grapple         napping         refute          starved         usable
bunkmate        displace        grappling       nappy           regain          starving        usage
bunny           display         grasp           narrow          regalia         stash           useable
bunt            displease       grass           nastily         regally         state           used
busboy          disposal        gratified       nastiness       reggae          static          uselessly
bush            dispose         gratify         national        regime          statistic       user
busily          disprove        grating         native          region          statue          usher
busload         dispute         gratitude       nativity        register        stature         usual
bust            disregard       gratuity        natural         registrar       status          utensil
busybody        disrupt         gravel          nature          registry        statute         utility
buzz            dissuade        graveness       naturist        regress         statutory       utilize
cabana          distance        graves          nautical        regretful       staunch         utmost
cabbage         distant         graveyard       navigate        regroup         stays           utopia
cabbie          distaste        gravitate       navigator       regular         steadfast       utter
cabdriver       distill         gravity         navy            regulate        steadier        vacancy
cable           distinct        gravy           nearby          regulator       steadily        vacant
caboose         distort         gray            nearest         rehab           steadying       vacate
cache           distract        grazing         nearly          reheat          steam           vacation
cackle          distress        greasily        nearness        rehire          steed           vagabond
cacti           district        greedily        neatly          rehydrate       steep           vagrancy
cactus          distrust        greedless       neatness        reimburse       steerable       vagrantly
caddie          ditch           greedy          nebula          reissue         steering        vaguely
caddy           ditto           green           nebulizer       reiterate       steersman       vagueness
cadet           ditzy           greeter         nectar          rejoice         stegosaur       valiant
cadillac        dividable       greeting        negate          rejoicing       stellar         valid
cadmium         divided         grew            negation        rejoin          stem            valium
cage            dividend        greyhound       negative        rekindle        stench          valley
cahoots         dividers        grid            neglector       relapse         stencil         valuables
cake            dividing        grief           negligee        relapsing       step            value
calamari        divinely        grievance       negligent       relatable       stereo          vanilla
calamity        diving          grieving        negotiate       related         sterile         vanish
calcium         divinity        grievous        nemeses         relation        sterility       vanity
calculate       divisible       grill           nemesis         relative        sterilize       vanquish
calculus        divisibly       grimace         neon            relax           sterling        vantage
caliber         division        grimacing       nephew          relay           sternness       vaporizer
calibrate       divisive        grime           nerd            relearn         sternum         variable
calm            divorcee        griminess       nervous         release         stew            variably
caloric         dizziness       grimy           nervy           relenting       stick           varied
calorie         dizzy           grinch          nest            reliable        stiffen         variety
calzone         doable          grinning        net             reliably        stiffly         various
camcorder       docile          grip            neurology       reliance        stiffness       varmint
cameo           dock            gristle         neuron          reliant         stifle          varnish
camera          doctrine        grit            neurosis        relic           stifling        varsity
camisole        document        groggily        neurotic        relieve         stillness       varying
camper          dodge           groggy          neuter          relieving       stilt           vascular
campfire        dodgy           groin           neutron         relight         stimulant       vaseline
camping         doily           groom           never           relish          stimulate       vastly
campsite        doing           groove          next            relive          stimuli         vastness
campus          dole            grooving        nibble          reload          stimulus        veal
canal           dollar          groovy          nickname        relocate        stinger         vegan
canary          dollhouse       grope           nicotine        relock          stingily        veggie
cancel          dollop          ground          niece           reluctant       stinging        vehicular
candied         dolly           grouped         nifty           rely            stingray        velcro
candle          dolphin         grout           nimble          remake          stingy          velocity
candy           domain          grove           nimbly          remark          stinking        velvet
cane            domelike        grower          nineteen        remarry         stinky          vendetta
canine          domestic        growing         ninetieth       rematch         stipend         vending
canister        dominion        growl           ninja           remedial        stipulate       vendor
cannabis        dominoes        grub            nintendo        remedy          stir            veneering
canned          donated         grudge          ninth           remember        stitch          vengeful
canning         donation        grudging        nuclear         reminder        stock           venomous
cannon          donator         grueling        nuclei          remindful       stoic           ventricle
cannot          donor           gruffly         nucleus         remission       stoke           venture
canola          donut           grumble         nugget          remix           stole           venue
canon           doodle          grumbling       nullify         remnant         stomp           venus
canopener       doorbell        grumbly         number          remodeler       stonewall       verbalize
canopy          doorframe       grumpily        numbing         remold          stoneware       verbally
canteen         doorknob        grunge          numbly          remorse         stonework       verbose
canyon          doorman         grunt           numbness        remote          stoning         verdict
capable         doormat         guacamole       numeral         removable       stony           verify
capably         doornail        guidable        numerate        removal         stood           verse
capacity        doorpost        guidance        numerator       removed         stooge          version
cape            doorstep        guide           numeric         remover         stool           versus
capillary       doorstop        guiding         numerous        removing        stoop           vertebrae
capital         doorway         guileless       nuptials        rename          stoplight       vertical
capitol         doozy           guise           nursery         renderer        stoppable       vertigo
capped          dork            gulf            nursing         rendering       stoppage        very
capricorn       dormitory       gullible        nurture         rendition       stopped         vessel
capsize         dorsal          gully           nutcase         renegade        stopper         vest
capsule         dosage          gulp            nutlike         renewable       stopping        veteran
caption         dose            gumball         nutmeg          renewably       stopwatch       veto
captivate       dotted          gumdrop         nutrient        renewal         storable        vexingly
captive         doubling        gumminess       nutshell        renewed         storage         viability
captivity       douche          gumming         nuttiness       renounce        storeroom       viable
capture         dove            gummy           nutty           renovate        storewide       vibes
caramel         down            gurgle          nuzzle          renovator       storm           vice
carat           dowry           gurgling        nylon           rentable        stout           vicinity
caravan         doze            guru            oaf             rental          stove           victory
carbon          drab            gush            oak             rented          stowaway        video
cardboard       dragging        gusto           oasis           renter          stowing         viewable
carded          dragonfly       gusty           oat             reoccupy        straddle        viewer
cardiac         dragonish       gutless         obedience       reoccur         straggler       viewing
cardigan        dragster        guts            obedient        reopen          strained        viewless
cardinal        drainable       gutter          obituary        reorder         strainer        viewpoint
cardstock       drainage        guy             object          repackage       straining       vigorous
carefully       drained         guzzler         obligate        repacking       strangely       village
caregiver       drainer         gyration        obliged         repaint         stranger        villain
careless        drainpipe       habitable       oblivion        repair          strangle        vindicate
caress          dramatic        habitant        oblivious       repave          strategic       vineyard
caretaker       dramatize       habitat         oblong          repaying        strategy        vintage
cargo           drank           habitual        obnoxious       repayment       stratus         violate
caring          drapery         hacked          oboe            repeal          straw           violation
carless         drastic         hacker          obscure         repeated        stray           violator
carload         draw            hacking         obscurity       repeater        streak          violet
carmaker        dreaded         hacksaw         observant       repent          stream          violin
carnage         dreadful        had             observer        rephrase        street          viper
carnation       dreadlock       haggler         observing       replace         strength        viral
carnival        dreamboat       haiku           obsessed        replay          strenuous       virtual
carnivore       dreamily        half            obsession       replica         strep           virtuous
carol           dreamland       halogen         obsessive       reply           stress          virus
carpenter       dreamless       halt            obsolete        reporter        stretch         visa
carpentry       dreamlike       halved          obstacle        repose          strewn          viscosity
carpool         dreamt          halves          obstinate       repossess       stricken        viscous
carport         dreamy          hamburger       obstruct        repost          strict          viselike
carried         drearily        hamlet          obtain          repressed       stride          visible
carrot          dreary          hammock         obtrusive       reprimand       strife          visibly
carrousel       drench          hamper          obtuse          reprint         strike          vision
carry           dress           hamster         obvious         reprise         striking        visiting
cartel          drew            hamstring       occultist       reproach        strive          visitor
cartload        dribble         handbag         occupancy       reprocess       striving        visor
carton          dried           handball        occupant        reproduce       strobe          vista
cartoon         drier           handbook        occupier        reprogram       strode          vitality
cartridge       drift           handbrake       occupy          reps            stroller        vitalize
cartwheel       driller         handcart        ocean           reptile         strongbox       vitally
carve           drilling        handclap        ocelot          reptilian       strongly        vitamins
carving         drinkable       handclasp       octagon         repugnant       strongman       vivacious
carwash         drinking        handcraft       octane          repulsion       struck          vividly
cascade         dripping        handcuff        october         repulsive       structure       vividness
case            drippy          handed          octopus         repurpose       strudel         vixen
cash            drivable        handful         ogle            reputable       struggle        vocalist
casing          driven          handgrip        oil             reputably       strum           vocalize
casino          driver          handgun         oink            request         strung          vocally
casket          driveway        handheld        ointment        require         strut           vocation
cassette        driving         handiness       okay            requisite       stubbed         voice
casually        drizzle         handiwork       old             reroute         stubble         voicing
casualty        drizzly         handlebar       olive           rerun           stubbly         void
catacomb        drone           handled         olympics        resale          stubborn        volatile
catalog         drool           handler         omega           resample        stucco          volley
catalyst        droop           handling        omen            rescuer         stuck           voltage
catalyze        drop-down       handmade        ominous         reseal          student         volumes
catapult        dropbox         handoff         omission        research        studied         voter
cataract        dropkick        handpick        omit            reselect        studio          voting
catatonic       droplet         handprint       omnivore        reseller        study           voucher
catcall         dropout         handrail        onboard         resemble        stuffed         vowed
catchable       dropper         handsaw         oncoming        resend          stuffing        vowel
catcher         drove           handset         ongoing         resent          stuffy          voyage
catching        drown           handsfree       onion           reset           stumble         wackiness
catchy          drowsily        handshake       online          reshape         stumbling       wad
caterer         drudge          handstand       onlooker        reshoot         stump           wafer
catering        drum            handwash        only            reshuffle       stung           waffle
catfight        dry             handwork        onscreen        residence       stunned         waged
catfish         dubbed          handwoven       onset           residency       stunner         wager
cathedral       dubiously       handwrite       onshore         resident        stunning        wages
cathouse        duchess         handyman        onslaught       residual        stunt           waggle
catlike         duckbill        hangnail        onstage         residue         stupor          wagon
catnap          ducking         hangout         onto            resigned        sturdily        wake
catnip          duckling        hangover        onward          resilient       sturdy          waking
catsup          ducktail        hangup          onyx            resistant       styling         walk
cattail         ducky           hankering       oops            resisting       stylishly       walmart
cattishly       duct            hankie          ooze            resize          stylist         walnut
cattle          dude            hanky           oozy            resolute        stylized        walrus
catty           duffel          haphazard       opacity         resolved        stylus          waltz
catwalk         dugout          happening       opal            resonant        suave           wand
caucasian       duh             happier         open            resonate        subarctic       wannabe
caucus          duke            happiest        operable        resort          subatomic       wanted
causal          duller          happily         operate         resource        subdivide       wanting
causation       dullness        happiness       operating       respect         subdued         wasabi
cause           duly            happy           operation       resubmit        subduing        washable
causing         dumping         harbor          operative       result          subfloor        washbasin
cauterize       dumpling        hardcopy        operator        resume          subgroup        washboard
caution         dumpster        hardcore        opium           resupply        subheader       washbowl
cautious        duo             hardcover       opossum         resurface       subject         washcloth
cavalier        dupe            harddisk        opponent        resurrect       sublease        washday
cavalry         duplex          hardened        oppose          retail          sublet          washed
caviar          duplicate       hardener        opposing        retainer        sublevel        washer
cavity          duplicity       hardening       opposite        retaining       sublime         washhouse
cedar           durable         hardhat         oppressed       retake          submarine       washing
celery          durably         hardhead        oppressor       retaliate       submerge        washout
celestial       duration        hardiness       opt             retention       submersed       washroom
celibacy        duress          hardly          opulently       rethink         submitter       washstand
celibate        during          hardness        osmosis         retinal         subpanel        washtub
celtic          dusk            hardship        other           retired         subpar          wasp
cement          dust            hardware        otter           retiree         subplot         wasting
census          dutiful         hardwired       ouch            retiring        subprime        watch
ceramics        duty            hardwood        ought           retold          subscribe       water
ceremony        duvet           hardy           ounce           retool          subscript       waviness
certainly       dwarf           harmful         outage          retorted        subsector       waving
certainty       dweeb           harmless        outback         retouch         subside         wavy
certified       dwelled         harmonica       outbid          retrace         subsiding       whacking
certify         dweller         harmonics       outboard        retract         subsidize       whacky
cesarean        dwelling        harmonize       outbound        retrain         subsidy         wham
cesspool        dwindle         harmony         outbreak        retread         subsoil         wharf
chafe           dwindling       harness         outburst        retreat         subsonic        wheat
chaffing        dynamic         harpist         outcast         retrial         substance       whenever
chain           dynamite        harsh           outclass        retrieval       subsystem       whiff
chair           dynasty         harvest         outcome         retriever       subtext         whimsical
chalice         dyslexia        hash            outdated        retry           subtitle        whinny
challenge       dyslexic        hassle          outdoors        return          subtly          whiny
chamber         each            haste           outer           retying         subtotal        whisking
chamomile       eagle           hastily         outfield        retype          subtract        whoever
champion        earache         hastiness       outfit          reunion         subtype         whole
chance          eardrum         hasty           outflank        reunite         suburb          whomever
change          earflap         hatbox          outgoing        reusable        subway          whoopee
channel         earful          hatchback       outgrow         reuse           subwoofer       whooping
chant           earlobe         hatchery        outhouse        reveal          subzero         whoops
chaos           early           hatchet         outing          reveler         succulent       why
chaperone       earmark         hatching        outlast         revenge         such            wick
chaplain        earmuff         hatchling       outlet          revenue         suction         widely
chapped         earphone        hate            outline         reverb          sudden          widen
chaps           earpiece        hatless         outlook         revered         sudoku          widget
chapter         earplugs        hatred          outlying        reverence       suds            widow
character       earring         haunt           outmatch        reverend        sufferer        width
charbroil       earshot         haven           outmost         reversal        suffering       wieldable
charcoal        earthen         hazard          outnumber       reverse         suffice         wielder
charger         earthlike       hazelnut        outplayed       reversing       suffix          wife
charging        earthling       hazily          outpost         reversion       suffocate       wifi
chariot         earthly         haziness        outpour         revert          suffrage        wikipedia
charity         earthworm       hazing          output          revisable       sugar           wildcard
charm           earthy          hazy            outrage         revise          suggest         wildcat
charred         earwig          headache        outrank         revision        suing           wilder
charter         easeful         headband        outreach        revisit         suitable        wildfire
charting        easel           headboard       outright        revivable       suitably        wildfowl
chase           easiest         headcount       outscore        revival         suitcase        wildland
chasing         easily          headdress       outsell         reviver         suitor          wildlife
chaste          easiness        headed          outshine        reviving        sulfate         wildly
chastise        easing          header          outshoot        revocable       sulfide         wildness
chastity        eastbound       headfirst       outsider        revoke          sulfite         willed
chatroom        eastcoast       headgear        outskirts       revolt          sulfur          willfully
chatter         easter          heading         outsmart        revolver        sulk            willing
chatting        eastward        headlamp        outsource       revolving       sullen          willow
chatty          eatable         headless        outspoken       reward          sulphate        willpower
cheating        eaten           headlock        outtakes        rewash          sulphuric       wilt
cheddar         eatery          headphone       outthink        rewind          sultry          wimp
cheek           eating          headpiece       outward         rewire          superbowl       wince
cheer           eats            headrest        outweigh        reword          superglue       wincing
cheese          ebay            headroom        outwit          rework          superhero       wind
cheesy          ebony           headscarf       oval            rewrap          superior        wing
chef            ebook           headset         ovary           rewrite         superjet        winking
chemicals       ecard           headsman        oven            rhyme           superman        winner
chemist         eccentric       headstand       overact         ribbon          supermom        winnings
chemo           echo            headstone       overall         ribcage         supernova       winter
cherisher       eclair          headway         overarch        rice            supervise       wipe
cherub          eclipse         headwear        overbid         riches          supper          wired
chess           ecologist       heap            overbill        richly          supplier        wireless
chest           ecology         heat            overbite        richness        supply          wiring
chevron         economic        heave           overblown       rickety         support         wiry
chevy           economist       heavily         overboard       ricotta         supremacy       wisdom
chewable        economy         heaviness       overbook        riddance        supreme         wise
chewer          ecosphere       heaving         overbuilt       ridden          surcharge       wish
chewing         ecosystem       hedge           overcast        ride            surely          wisplike
chewy           edge            hedging         overcoat        riding          sureness        wispy
chief           edginess        heftiness       overcome        rifling         surface         wistful
chihuahua       edging          hefty           overcook        rift            surfacing       wizard
childcare       edgy            helium          overcrowd       rigging         surfboard       wobble
childhood       edition         helmet          overdraft       rigid           surfer          wobbling
childish        editor          helper          overdrawn       rigor           surgery         wobbly
childless       educated        helpful         overdress       rimless         surgical        wok
childlike       education       helping         overdrive       rimmed          surging         wolf
chili           educator        helpless        overdue         rind            surname         wolverine
chill           eel             helpline        overeager       rink            surpass         womanhood
chimp           effective       hemlock         overeater       rinse           surplus         womankind
chip            effects         hemstitch       overexert       rinsing         surprise        womanless
chirping        efficient       hence           overfed         riot            surreal         womanlike
chirpy          effort          henchman        overfeed        ripcord         surrender       womanly
chitchat        eggbeater       henna           overfill        ripeness        surrogate       womb
chivalry        egging          herald          overflow        ripening        surround        woof
chive           eggnog          herbal          overfull        ripping         survey          wooing
chloride        eggplant        herbicide       overgrown       ripple          survival        wool
chlorine        eggshell        herbs           overhand        rippling        survive         woozy
choice          egomaniac       heritage        overhang        riptide         surviving       word
chokehold       egotism         hermit          overhaul        rise            survivor        work
choking         egotistic       heroics         overhead        rising          sushi           worried
chomp           either          heroism         overhear        risk            suspect         worrier
chooser         eject           herring         overheat        risotto         suspend         worrisome
choosing        elaborate       herself         overhung        ritalin         suspense        worry
choosy          elastic         hertz           overjoyed       ritzy           sustained       worsening
chop            elated          hesitancy       overkill        rival           sustainer       worshiper
chosen          elbow           hesitant        overlabor       riverbank       swab            worst
chowder         eldercare       hesitate        overlaid        riverbed        swaddling       wound
chowtime        elderly         hexagon         overlap         riverboat       swagger         woven
chrome          eldest          hexagram        overlay         riverside       swampland       wow
chubby          electable       hubcap          overload        riveter         swan            wrangle
chuck           election        huddle          overlook        riveting        swapping        wrath
chug            elective        huddling        overlord        roamer          swarm           wreath
chummy          elephant        huff            overlying       roaming         sway            wreckage
chump           elevate         hug             overnight       roast           swear           wrecker
chunk           elevating       hula            overpass        robbing         sweat           wrecking
churn           elevation       hulk            overpay         robe            sweep           wrench
chute           elevator        hull            overplant       robin           swell           wriggle
cider           eleven          human           overplay        robotics        swept           wriggly
cilantro        elf             humble          overpower       robust          swerve          wrinkle
cinch           eligible        humbling        overprice       rockband        swifter         wrinkly
cinema          eligibly        humbly          overrate        rocker          swiftly         wrist
cinnamon        eliminate       humid           overreach       rocket          swiftness       writing
circle          elite           humiliate       overreact       rockfish        swimmable       written
circling        elitism         humility        override        rockiness       swimmer         wrongdoer
circular        elixir          humming         overripe        rocking         swimming        wronged
circulate       elk             hummus          overrule        rocklike        swimsuit        wrongful
circus          ellipse         humongous       overrun         rockslide       swimwear        wrongly
citable         elliptic        humorist        overshoot       rockstar        swinger         wrongness
citadel         elm             humorless       overshot        rocky           swinging        wrought
citation        elongated       humorous        oversight       rogue           swipe           xbox
citizen         elope           humpback        oversized       roman           swirl           xerox
citric          eloquence       humped          oversleep       romp            switch          yahoo
citrus          eloquent        humvee          oversold        rope            swivel          yam
city            elsewhere       hunchback       overspend       roping          swizzle         yanking
civic           elude           hundredth       overstate       roster          swooned         yapping
civil           elusive         hunger          overstay        rosy            swoop           yard
clad            elves           hungrily        overstep        rotten          swoosh          yarn
claim           email           hungry          overstock       rotting         swore           yeah
clambake        embargo         hunk            overstuff       rotunda         sworn           yearbook
clammy          embark          hunter          oversweet       roulette        swung           yearling
clamor          embassy         hunting         overtake        rounding        sycamore        yearly
clamp           embattled       huntress        overthrow       roundish        sympathy        yearning
clamshell       embellish       huntsman        overtime        roundness       symphonic       yeast
clang           ember           hurdle          overtly         roundup         symphony        yelling
clanking        embezzle        hurled          overtone        roundworm       symptom         yelp
clapped         emblaze         hurler          overture        routine         synapse         yen
clapper         emblem          hurling         overturn        routing         syndrome        yesterday
clapping        embody          hurray          overuse         rover           synergy         yiddish
clarify         embolism        hurricane       overvalue       roving          synopses        yield
clarinet        emboss          hurried         overview        royal           synopsis        yin
clarity         embroider       hurry           overwrite       rubbed          synthesis       yippee
clash           emcee           hurt            owl             rubber          synthetic       yo-yo
clasp           emerald         husband         oxford          rubbing         syrup           yodel
class           emergency       hush            oxidant         rubble          system          yoga
clatter         emission        husked          oxidation       rubdown         t-shirt         yogurt
clause          emit            huskiness       oxidize         ruby            tabasco         yonder
clavicle        emote           hut             oxidizing       ruckus          tabby           yoyo
claw            emoticon        hybrid          oxygen          rudder          tableful        yummy
clay            emotion         hydrant         oxymoron        rug             tables          zap
clean           empathic        hydrated        oyster          ruined          tablet          zealous
clear           empathy         hydration       ozone           rule            tableware       zebra
cleat           emperor         hydrogen        paced           rumble          tabloid         zen
cleaver         emphases        hydroxide       pacemaker       rumbling        tackiness       zeppelin
cleft           emphasis        hyperlink       pacific         rummage         tacking         zero
clench          emphasize       hypertext       pacifier        rumor           tackle          zestfully
clergyman       emphatic        hyphen          pacifism        runaround       tackling        zesty
clerical        empirical       hypnoses        pacifist        rundown         tacky           zigzagged
clerk           employed        hypnosis        pacify          runner          taco            zipfile
clever          employee        hypnotic        padded          running         tactful         zipping
clicker         employer        hypnotism       padding         runny           tactical        zippy
client          emporium        hypnotist       paddle          runt            tactics         zips
climate         empower         hypnotize       paddling        runway          tactile         zit
climatic        emptier         hypocrisy       padlock         rupture         tactless        zodiac
cling           emptiness       hypocrite       pagan           rural           tadpole         zombie
clinic          empty           ibuprofen       pager           ruse            taekwondo       zone
clinking        emu             ice             paging          rush            tag             zoning
clip            enable          iciness         pajamas         rust            tainted         zookeeper
clique          enactment       icing           palace          rut             take            zoologist
cloak           enamel          icky            palatable       sabbath         taking          zoology
clobber         enchanted       icon            palm            sabotage        talcum          zoom
clock           enchilada       icy             palpable        sacrament       talisman
)

randomString() {
    local charSet len generateType

    charSet=

    if [[ "$1" == -* ]]; then
        case "$1" in
        --base64)
            charSet+=abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789+/
            ;;

        --base91)
            charSet+='ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZabcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz0123456789!#$%&()*+,./:;<=>?@[]^_`{|}~"'
            ;;

        --help)
            echo "random-string [OPTIONS] LENGTH [ALLOWED_CHARACTERS]"
            echo ""
            echo "By default it uses a-z, A-Z and numbers."
            echo ""
            echo "Different sets can be created by using these flags.  You can use multiple"
            echo "flags together."
            echo ""
            echo "    --base64  a-z, A-Z, 0-9, +, /"
            echo "    --base91  a-z, A-Z, 0-9, many symbols"
            echo "    --hex     0-9, a-f"
            echo "    --lower   a-z"
            echo "    --num     0-9"
            echo "    --upper   A-Z"
            echo ""
            echo "The default is the same as using --lower --num --upper."
            echo ""
            echo "Additionally, you can specify one of these generators:"
            echo ""
            echo "    --uuid    A type 4 UUID / GUID"
            echo "    --words   Random words from EFF's large wordlist"

            return 0
            ;;

        --uuid)
            generateType=uuid
            ;;

        --hex)
            charSet+=0123456789abcdef
            ;;

        --lower)
            charSet+=abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz
            ;;

        --num)
            charSet+=0123456789
            ;;

        --upper)
            charSet+=ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ
            ;;

        --words)
            generateType=words
            ;;
        esac

        shift
    fi

    # Seed random generator
    RANDOM=$$$(date +%s)
    len=${1:-10}
    charSet=${charSet:-abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyzABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ0123456789}

    case "$generateType" in
        uuid)
            local h="0123456789ABCDEF" r="89AB"
            local uuidChars=(
                ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1}
                ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1}
                -
                ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1}
                -
                4 ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1}
                -
                # vvvv special vvvvvvv
                ${r:$RANDOM % ${#r}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1}
                -
                ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1}
                ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1}
                ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1} ${h:$RANDOM % ${#h}:1}
            )
            printf "%s" "${uuidChars[@]}"
            ;;

        words)
            for (( ; len > 0; len -- )); do
                echo -n "${RANDOMSTRING__WORDS[$RANDOM % ${#RANDOMSTRING__WORDS[@]}]}"

                if [[ "$len" != "1" ]]; then
                    echo -n " "
                fi
            done
            ;;

        *)
            if [[ ! -z "${2-}" ]]; then
                charSet=$2
            fi

            for (( ; len > 0; len -- )); do
                echo -n "${charSet:$RANDOM % ${#charSet}:1}"
            done
            ;;
    esac

    echo ""
}

if [[ "$0" == "${BASH_SOURCE[0]}" ]] || ! [[ -n "${BASH_SOURCE[0]}" ]]; then
    randomString "$@"
fi
